oh hey so I thought it would be a cute
idea to make a video outside but like
what are you like is that an
industrial-sized vacuum like what is is
everyone how is everyone doing this so
anyway today I wanted to talk about
something that has been bothering me for
5,000 years approximately and maybe you
would know that if the history channel
showed history shows you know how like
there are channels and they're like
supposed to cap shows that are based on
their name like the history channel
science channel the learning channel the
travel channel the vacuum channel I'm
sure they wouldn't even play that let's
see what's on the history channel right
now shall we Swamp People and then
Appalachian outlaws oh and then what's
after that a legend of the Superstition
Mountains monsterquest birds'll what
what part of history where is the hit
we're in it please show me in a history
book these things let's look up the
science channel shall we keep in mind
this is the science channel ok scam city
the counterfeiting business hunters in
the shadows like did you forget what
what the name of your channels mean like
what let's see what's on The Learning
Channel right now shows let's just click
on shows let's see all TLC shows 19 Kids
and count up arently they had another
one Kate Plus 8 sister wives say yes to
the dress say no to the leaf blower or
the vacuum or whatever you're doing
let's see what's on the travel channel I
mean it must be like travel right like a
travel show like maybe like they're
going somewhere what's on the travel
channel
now Oh tight now no that's not what I
meant type travel channel schedule see
what's on now ghost adventures okay so
you're traveling from a body to the
netherworld but you can't show like
Tahiti like what are you where do you
get the idea where do you get the ideas
where do you where you get them where
you get them though but where you get
where do you get those ideas though like
where do you get them that's like having
something called the dinosaur channel
and showing prunes art saw in a bowl
prunes in a bowl nobody even likes
prunes that's a lie i like prunes like I
just don't I can't grasp you know what
that's like what's up everyone welcome
to the women's rights additional today
it's your boy Frankie I'm gonna have a
couple of my other boys over here we
talk about women's rights and issues
including you know everything we don't
want women to do so like why like why
not just start like the ghost hunting
network like hey how about if you're
gonna call yourself the history channel
whoa I just got I just like reaching
Tiffany what if the history channel had
shows about history whoa
work the sign showing show us what is
this is my open letter to all channels
mentioned if you can think of any other
channels that could fit into this please
let me know in the comments below don't
forget to like this video because the
title is what you know it was supposed
to be so thanks for watching and I'll
see you in a couple days